With the important knowledge regarding how to navigate in your app and how to also manage state which
is a crucial thing in pretty much any app you're building it's now time for another app in this and
the next course modules will work on a shopping app and in this module we'll build it.
Regarding the navigation we need there regarding the state management we need there of course will also
work with components and add some styling so this module here is a great practice module and in the
next lecture where I sketch the app and where we plan the app I'll also challenge you to build the app
on your own as a practice and then we'll also used his basic app into subsequent modules to dive deeper
into other aspects we we haven't really touched on yet.
Like handling user input sending HDP requests adding authentication such stuff so therefore you can
also skipped as module if you want to but then you should be willing to download the final version of
the app and manually go through it understand the code understand what we did there and maybe jump into
some selected lectures office module if there's something which is not clear to you because in the next
modules will build upon this app but I would definitely recommend that you don't skip this module but
instead follow along or try it on your own.
Because it now is a great practice of all the things to learn thus far.
With that let's dive in and let's see what we built before we didn't start building it.